Update streaming Readme /1 (#107)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples: fundamentals/streaming/README.md

## What

The project contains three implementations of the definition of a basic ASP.NET Core web site that contains endpoints that play a song:

* `AsynchronousWithSystemTextJson`
* `SynchronousWithNewtonsoftJson`
* `DynamicBinaryStream`

> These endpoints play the song indefinitely, streaming the song repeatedly until the client disconnects. This acts as a demonstration of how to implement streaming endpoints with ASP.NET Core.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this change makes sense. They literally do _not_ "play" the song.

Author: ```suggestion
These endpoints stream the song indefinitely, repeating until the client disconnects. This acts as a demonstration of how to implement streaming endpoints with ASP.NET Core.
```
